Ahhhh!
Xu Ting
I miss you for your country
Kneel down today
Save your father and son from death
Otherwise, when one exterminates the three clans
Just meet the Lord God
Jiu Ge style
This sword
Keep it in your custody for the time being
Yes yes god
Lord God, we are all blind
Please don't take it to heart.
Yes Yes Yes Yes
You'll have your stuff ready later.
I will do a good job with the Lord God tonight
Mom, what nonsense are you talking about?
Oops, why are you so stupid?
As long as you and Lord God get things done
Our Bai family will thrive
Qianzi, even if mom begs you, okay?
My good daughter
Anyway, you are already engaged to Lord Shen Chu
It's the same thing day in and day out
You saw it today too
There are so many beautiful women around Lord God
What if we rob Xiandeng for them?
There will be nowhere to find regret medicine in the future
Did you see it?
The way they are intimate with the Lord God
Oh, I can't say it well, there is already a god
If you want to be a goddess
Protect yourself now
That's my daughter.
Pack up nicely tonight
To be a better steward